Transactions have been included in the project to account for cases where a CSV file has multiple statements and not all of them are valid. The goal here is to have it such that whenever a user uploads a CSV file to the program, either all of the file's statements get executed or none of them do. 

It can likely be further tested, but it appears functional at this time. 

The two CSV files, sample2.csv and sample3.csv were used to test that the transactional feature is at least functional at this time. 

1. To test, go through the normal procedures to access the Java program. 

2. Then, when prompted to type in a CSV file name, first enter the sample2.csv file. This file has an insertion statement that is 
   invalid. 

3. When this file name is entered, the program should recognize that it contains an error and display a message indicating that the 
   transaction could not actually be committed.

   The program also says that the transaction has been rolled back. This means that none of the other insertion statements, regardless of whether or not the program
   says other statements were inserted as a result of this sample2.csv file were actually inserted into any tables. The state of the tables
   has been rolled back to its state before sample2.csv’s insertion statements were started. 


4. To see that the table has remained the same, go back through the procedures to launch the Java program.
   4.1 Select or create a simple CSV file when prompted for a CSV file.
   4.2 When prompted for a query, type “select * from student.“
   4.3 The student table should not contain any of the attempted inserted tuples from the sample2.csv file.

5. To actually insert the tuples from the sample2.csv file, go back through the the procedures to launch the Java program.
   5.1 Select the sample3.csv file when prompted for a CSV file.
   5.2 When prompted for a query, type “select * from student.“
   5.3 Now the student table should display all of the attempted inserted tuples from the sample3.csv file. This file contained almost the same insertion statements
       as the sample2.csv file only a correction was made to the one insertion statement that made the whole transaction from the sample2.csv file invalid and incapable  
       of being committed as it was. 

